Chat: Add Suggestions Demo Desc. (#33361)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Chat/PromptSuggestions/description.md

> DevExtreme [Chat](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chat/Overview/) can display suggestion buttons above the message input field. This demo implements [suggestions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#suggestions) to define predefined prompts for an AI assistant chat.

Reviewer: I agree with copilot that "AI assistant chat" is redundant. Also, I do not really like the introduction because it repeats the same idea twice. You can gain marketing-y inspiration in Blazor: https://demos.devexpress.com/blazor/AI/Chat#PromptSuggestions

<!--split-->

> This demo allows you to configure suggestion buttons as follows:

Reviewer: We can also call them "hint bubbles", "hints".

> - Send predefined prompts immediately or fill the Chat [input field](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#inputFieldText) when a suggestion is clicked

Reviewer: What do you think about this version (without mentioning clicks)? Looks like we didn't lose anything meaningful.

```suggestion
- Specify whether the Chat displays a predefined prompt in the input field or immediately sends a message with that prompt.
```

> - Toggle single-use suggestions (buttons disappear on click)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hide/display single-use suggestions
```

DevExtreme [Chat](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chat/Overview/) supports suggestions - hints that guide users throughout conversations. The component displays suggestion buttons above the message input field and supports both persistent and temporary hints.

> This demo implements [suggestions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#suggestions) to specify predefined prompts for an AI assistant.

Reviewer: I think we can leave the link in the previous paragraph and remove this paragraph.
